Welcome to the challenge for the Beans section.
The goal of this challenge is to loosely couple our code.
Currently it's tightly coupled and it's giving us many options to configure our beans.
We can either use component derivative annotations, create objects out of each class, and register
them as being definitions that will live inside of the spring container where we can auto wire them
after or we can configure our beans using XML.
I'm going to choose the easiest option, which is just to mark the store repository class as a repo.
And we're going to mark the service class as a service.
So it's going to happen as soon as we run our application.
Spring Boot is going to run a component scan and the component scan is going to identify these component
annotations.
And what it will do is it will create an object out of store repository, and that object will live
inside of the spring container.
It will create an object out of store service and that object will live inside of the spring container.
And objects that are internally managed by spring boot inside of the spring container are called beans.
So right here, instead of saying store repository is equal to a new repository object, we can wire
the store repository being into it.
Auto wired.
And this will inject the store repository being into this field and we can use it accordingly.
Now, if you look back at the instructions, it's telling us not to directly wire the beans into each
field, because if you have a look at the automated annotations targets, it can also be applied to
constructors, the parameter is etc..
So what we're going to do?
Is we're going to add a constructor to store controller.
The way to do that, well, you know how to make constructors by now.
It's just basic object oriented programming.
But this constructor is going to receive a store service object.
Now, once you run your Spring Booth application, an object of store controller is created and as this
object is being created, the constructor will be called, and this constructor expects to receive a
store service object.
But where is it going to come from?
Well, we can auto wire the store service bin right over here.
And then we can say this store service is equal to the store service dependency that gets injected.
So we don't have to do this anymore.
Instead of creating an object of the store service class, we're injecting an object and setting our
store service field equal to it.
Now, our application is loosely coupled because instead of the controller creating its own object,
it's using an object that already exists inside of the spring container that we're wiring into our constructor.
And we're going to do the exact same thing inside of store service.
We will auto wire it directly into the field because that's not what the instructions say.
As soon as our application scans for components and creates an object of store service, the constructor
is going to be called and this constructor will receive a store repository object.
We're going to wire it.
From the spring container.
So now that we've injected the store repository bean into this constructor parameter, we can just say
this store repository and update our field.
Okay.
Let's test our code.
And everything still works really well.
Just before we wrap up, let's apply the usual breakpoints.
I will apply one breakpoint over here and one breakpoint over here.
I think we're good to go.
I'll run the application and debug mode.
As the store service object is being internally created by spring, the store service constructor gets
called and what we're doing is we're injecting the store repository, being right over here.
Here you can see the store repository being that was injected.
And here we're setting the store repository field equal to it.
And here as the store comptroller object is being created by spring.
Its constructor gets called and we're injecting the store service bean into the constructor.
And right over here you can see the store service dependency that was injected into the following parameter,
and we're setting our store service field equal to it.
And that is dependency injection.